RHDEVDOCS-3108: Document the integrated import flow (#36558)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/odc-importing-codebase-from-git-to-create-application.adoc

* *Context Dir* to specify the subdirectory for the application source code you want to use to build the application.
* *Source Secret* to create a *Secret Name* with credentials for pulling your source code from a private repository.

. *Optional*: You can import a Devfile or a Dockerfile through your Git repository to further customize your deployment.
Devfile::

> If your Git repository contains a Devfile it would be automatically detected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your Git repository contains a Devfile, it would be automatically detected.
```

* The Devfile would be automatically detected and populated on the *Devfile path* field.

> * To edit the file import type, click *Edit import strategy* option, to select a different strategy.

Reviewer: The "To..., click, to..." structure is not optimal. How about this instead:
```suggestion
* To edit the file import type and select a different strategy, click *Edit import strategy* option.
```

* If multiple Devfiles are detected, the Devfile path would need to be specified, relative to the *Context Dir* field, to import a specific Devfile.

Dockerfile::

> If your Git repository contains a Dockerfile it would be automatically detected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your Git repository contains a Dockerfile, it would be automatically detected.
```

Reviewer: IBM SG:
```
would verb
Use only to refer to an unfulfilled condition or hypothesis and to express the future in the past, for example, "The command
was rejected because it would have resulted in the ClusterName attribute being blank." Do not use as an auxiliary verb, for
example, "You would need administrator authority to create an app." Instead, use the present tense, for example "You need
administrator authority to create an app."
```

> * The Dockerfile would be automatically detected and populated on the *Dockerfile path* field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Combined with previous sentence.

> * To edit the file import type, click *Edit import strategy* option, to select a different strategy.

Reviewer: Can this sentence be simplified by combining the two "to" clauses, like with line 22?
If "Edit import strategy" is an option among others, would "select" be a better word choice than "click"?

> * If multiple Dockerfiles are detected, the Dockerfile path would need to be specified, relative to the *Context Dir* field, to import a specific Dockerfile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If multiple Dockerfiles are detected, to import a specific Dockerfile, specify the path of the Dockerfile relative to the *Context Dir* field.
```
I recommend reorganizing this sentence logically and sequentially into the following three parts:
`<precondition - "if multiple...">, <user goal - "to import...">, <user action - "specify the path...">`

It is also clearer to use the imperative (specify) instead of the subjunctive mood and passive voice (would need to be specified) mood.

The IBM SG mentions  this here:

```
Mood
Use the appropriate mood for the information type:
- Use the imperative mood for requests or instructions, such as in procedures.
 - Before you install the product, back up your files.
 - Select one or more check boxes.
- Use the indicative mood to specify information, such as facts and explanations.
 - The product provides a powerful way to store information.
 - The computer cancels the action and stops all processing.
- Do not use the subjunctive mood in technical documentation.
 - **X** If you were to save the file ...
 - **Y** If you save the file ...
 - **X** It is important that the file be saved ...
 - **Y** Important: Save the file ...
```

Devfile and Dockerfile::

> * If a Devfile and a Dockerfile is detected in the same repository, the Devfile is selected by default. You can click on the *Edit import strategy* to choose a different strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If a Devfile and Dockerfile are detected in the same repository, the Devfile is selected by default. To choose a different strategy, click *Edit import strategy*.
```

* If multiple Devfiles and Dockerfiles are detected in the same repository, you can specify which file you wish to import.

> . In the *Builder* section, after the URL is validated, an appropriate builder image is detected, indicated by a star, and automatically selected. For the `https://github.com/sclorg/nodejs-ex` Git URL, the Node.js builder image is selected by default. If a builder image is not auto-detected, select a builder image. You can change the version using the *Builder Image Version* drop-down list. If required, you can use the *Edit import Strategy*, to select the desired strategy.

Reviewer: It is unclear from the context, but it sounds like the following line describes the result of a previous user action. Maybe look for a better position for this information. It should not be a numbered step. Then, list the required and optional user actions. For example:

```
After <agent> validates the URL in the *Builder* section, it finds and selects an appropriate builder image and marks it with a star. For `https://github.com/sclorg/nodejs-ex`, <agent> selects the default Node.js builder image. 

. If <agent> does not auto-detect a builder image, select a builder image. 
. Optional: Use *Builder Image Version* to specify a version. 
. Optional: Use *Edit import Strategy* to select a strategy.
```

* *Source Secret* to create a *Secret Name* with credentials for pulling your source code from a private repository.

. Optional: You can import a Devfile or a Dockerfile through your Git repository to further customize your deployment.
Devfile::
* If your Git repository contains a Devfile, it is automatically detected and populated on the *Devfile path* field.
* To edit the file import type and select a different strategy, click *Edit import strategy* option.
* If multiple Devfiles are detected, the Devfile path needs to be specified, relative to the *Context Dir* field, to import a specific Devfile.

Dockerfile::
* If your Git repository contains a Dockerfile, it is automatically detected and populated on the *Dockerfile path* field.
* To edit the file import type and select a different strategy, click *Edit import strategy* option.
* If multiple Dockerfiles are detected, specify the path of the specific Dockerfile relative to the *Context Dir* field.

Devfile and Dockerfile::
* If a Devfile and a Dockerfile are detected in the same repository, the Devfile is selected by default. To choose a different strategy, click *Edit import strategy*.

> * If multiple Devfiles and Dockerfiles are detected in the same repository, you can specify which file you wish to import.

Reviewer 2: The information is highly repeated, can we consolidate it all like this:
1. If your Git repository contains a Devfile or a Dockerfile, it is automatically detected and populated on the Devfile path or the  Dockerfile path field, respectively. If a Devfile and a Dockerfile are detected in the same repository, the Devfile is selected by default.
2. To edit the file import type and select a different strategy, click Edit import strategy option.
3. If multiple Devfiles or Dockerfiles are detected, the Devfile or Dockerfile path needs to be specified, relative to the Context Dir field, to import a specific Devfile or Dockerfile.

. After the URL is validated in the *Builder* section, it finds and selects an appropriate builder image and marks it with a star. For `https://github.com/sclorg/nodejs-ex` Git URL, the default Node.js builder image is selected.
.. If the builder image is not auto-detected, select a builder image.
.. Optional: Use *Builder Image Version* drop-down list to specify a version.

> .. Optional: Use *Edit import strategy* to select a different strategy.

Reviewer 2: Suggest:
. After the URL is validated in the *Builder* section, it finds and selects an appropriate builder image and marks it with a star. If the builder image is not auto-detected, select a builder image. For `https://github.com/sclorg/nodejs-ex` Git URL, the default Node.js builder image is selected.
.. Optional: Use *Builder Image Version* drop-down list to specify a version.
.. Optional: Use *Edit import strategy* to select a different strategy.

* *Context Dir* to specify the subdirectory for the application source code you want to use to build the application.
* *Source Secret* to create a *Secret Name* with credentials for pulling your source code from a private repository.

> . *Optional*: You can import a Devfile or a Dockerfile through your Git repository to further customize your deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Optional: You can import a Devfile or a Dockerfile through your Git repository to further customize your deployment.
```
Please search the openshift-docs repo for "Optional" to see the precedents for how it is used.

Author: Fixed now.

Devfile::
If your Git repository contains a Devfile, it would be automatically detected.
* The Devfile would be automatically detected and populated on the *Devfile path* field.
* To edit the file import type and select a different strategy, click *Edit import strategy* option.
* If multiple Devfiles are detected, the Devfile path would need to be specified, relative to the *Context Dir* field, to import a specific Devfile.

Dockerfile::
If your Git repository contains a Dockerfile, it is automatically detected and populated on the *Dockerfile path* field.
* To edit the file import type and select a different strategy, click *Edit import strategy* option.
* If multiple Dockerfiles are detected, to import a specific Dockerfile, specify the path of the Dockerfile relative to the *Context Dir* field.

Devfile and Dockerfile::
* If a Devfile and Dockerfile are detected in the same repository, the Devfile is selected by default. To choose a different strategy, click *Edit import strategy*.

> * If a Devfile and Dockerfile are detected in the same repository, the Devfile is selected by default. To choose a different strategy, click *Edit import strategy*.

Reviewer: Duplicate line.

> * If a Devfile and Dockerfile are detected in the same repository, the Devfile is selected by default. To choose a different strategy, click *Edit import strategy*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
It looks like you accidentally duplicated this line from the previous one.

Author: Yes, my bad. It has been fixed.
